Clarify that header confidentiality relies on lower layers (#148)
sframe-wg/sframe: draft-ietf-sframe-enc.md

# Security Considerations

## No Header Confidentiality

SFrame provides integrity protection to the SFrame Header (the key ID and
counter values), but does not provide confidentiality protection.  Parties that
can observe the SFrame header may learn, for example, which parties are sending
SFrame payloads (from KID values) and at what rates (from CTR values).  In cases
where SFrame is used for end-to-end security on top of hop-by-hop protections
(e.g., running over SRTP as described in {{sframe-over-rtp}}), the hop-by-hop security

> mechanisms will typically protect the SFrame header against network attackers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mechanisms provide confidentiality protection of the SFrame header between hops.
```
